CQ14: Can a set of bells be played electrically, manually, or both?
CQ15: How/Using which tools is the set of bells played, when played manually?
CQ20: Using which execution technique(s) is the set of bells played, when played manually?
CQ3: In which context is the building located (urban, periurban...)?
CQ7: Are there significant variations in the frequencies between the manually produced sound and the electric sound, such as to have repercussions on the soundscape?
CQ10: Which is the extension of the whole set of bells in a bell tower?
CQ11: Which is the weight of the bell?
CQ12: Which are the measures of the bell?
CQ13: What kind of execution techniques are possible to perform according to a specific mounting system?
CQ16: Where is the church/bell tower?
CQ17: How many bells are in the church?
CQ18: Which is the mouth diameter of the bell?
CQ19: Which is the sound bow of the bell?
CQ1: Where is the Bell Tower?
CQ1: Where is the building?
CQ2: What kind of execution characterizes that bell tower?
CQ2: What kind of repertoire is traditionally performed in that specific location?
CQ2: When (what year) was the building built?
CQ3: Are there formalized collective actors who carry out sound practices?
CQ3: What is the dating that accompanies this repertoire?
CQ4: Are there bells in a church?
CQ4: Are there formalized transmission methods that characterize the acquisition of skills related to the bell practice?
CQ4: Is it a repertoire performed in the contemporary world?
CQ5: Is it a repertoire in that place currently performed by hand or by electric means?
CQ5: Which age groups do the transmission practices involve?
CQ5: Which is the mounting system of the bell?
CQ6: Do transmission practices involve both men and women?
CQ6: How many people are generally employed for the performance of these sound practices?
CQ6: Which is the material of the bell?
CQ7: By whom (by which foundry) were they cast?
CQ7: Do transmission practices include the organization of public events?
CQ8: Are there historical evidences of the presence of that sound in the surrounding area?
CQ8: In which year were they cast?
CQ9: Which is the nominal/fundamental note of the bell?
