CQ5: Which performers (musicians, singers) have performed musical composition X? 
CQ6)What contexts are the word x, y, z, h related to?
CQ6: Which performers (musicians, singers) have performed musical composition X for the first time? 
CQ1)what are the meanings of the word 'vocality' in Italian (x)?
CQ10: In which historical documents is there evidence of reception of musical composition X? 
CQ11: In which bibliographic references is there evidence of reception of musical composition X? 
CQ12: Which is the medium of performance of musical composition X? 
CQ13: Which was the first medium of performance of musical composition X? 
CQ14: Which instruments are involved in musical composition X? 
CQ15: Which voices are involved in musical composition X? 
CQ16: In which tonality was written the musical composition X for the first time? 
CQ17: Which is/are the composer(s) of the musical composition X? 
CQ18: Who has spoken about the musical composition X? 
CQ19: Who has spoken about the musical performance X? 
CQ1: What was Wagner's first performance in Bologna? On what date?
CQ1: Where was the musical composition X performed? 
CQ2)What are the meanings of the word 'vocality' in French (y)?
CQ20: How was the musical composition X received? 
CQ21: How was the performance of musical composition X received? 
CQ22: When was a musical composition performed? 
CQ2: In which buildings was musical composition X performed? 
CQ2: What was Verdi's first performance in Bologna? On what date?
CQ3) What are the meanings of the word 'vocality' in German (z)?
CQ3: Where was the musical composition X performed for the first time? 
CQ3: Who were the public figures who participated in event X (or Y)?
CQ4) What are the meanings of the word 'vocality' in Spanish (h)?
CQ4: In which buildings was musical composition X performed for the first time? 
CQ4: Who were the musicians who participated in event X (or Y)?
CQ5)How do the words x and y change over time?
CQ5: Who talked about event X (or Y)?
CQ6: In which works is event X recounted/traced?
CQ7) How do these contexts change over time?
CQ7: In which scores is there evidence of musical composition X? 
CQ7: What were the critical reactions to event X (or Y)? Are them positives?
CQ8: In which historical documents is there evidence of musical composition X? 
CQ9: In which bibliographic references is there evidence of musical composition X? 
