CQ19: If this is the case, to what larger work does the composition belong?
CQ1: To which modes Vide homo has been assigned to in Tonalities? Leonhard, Bernhard, Harold, Siegfried, Frans and Alexander relate the motet to the tonus peregrinus. Robert, however, considers the work to be written in the mixolydian mode.
CQ1: To which modes Vide homo has been assigned to in Tonalities? Leonhard, Bernhard, Harold, Siegfried, Frans and Alexander relate the motet to the tonus peregrinus. Robert, however, considers the work to be written in the mixolydian mode.
CQ20: If this is the case, in what other work(s) is the compositions quoted?
CQ23: If available online, what is the URL of the composition?
CQ24: In the case of a manuscript/printed source, where is it housed?
CQ26: If any, what is the license of the transcription?
CQ2: Are the criteria on which these interpretations are based true in the score and, if so, to what extent?
CQ2: Are the criteria on which these interpretations are based true in the score and, if so, to what extent?
CQ3: Can one assume that the modal ambiguity evidenced by the analytical interpretations is intended? Harold sees, for example, the use of modes in Lagrime as a religious symbol. Alexander suggests that Tansillo's texts set to music by Lassus can be read as an examination of conscience, advocated by post-Tridentine spirituality. Can these hypotheses be substantiated on the basis of Polifonia's analytical and heritage knowledge?
CQ4: Apart from Lasso’s possible exegetical intentions, what does this work tell us about the status of the modes at this moment in the history of composition?
CQ10: Are the theoretical models on which these criteria are based – for example the Zarlinian cadential scheme ^1-^3-^5 – in line with this work?
CQ11: What is the tension between the expected theoretical criteria and their actual realisation in the work?
CQ12: To what corpus does this work belong?
CQ13: What is the name of the corpus?
CQ14: What is the pseudonyme of the composer for X?
CQ15: What is the birthdate of the composer?
CQ16: What is the date of death of the composer?
CQ17: To what genre does the composition belong?
CQ18: To what collection does of the composition belong?
CQ21: Does the composition contain any quotation from other composition(s)?
CQ22: What is the origin of the composition?
CQ25: Who is the scientific editor of the composition?
CQ27: What is the year of publication of the music printed source?
CQ28: Where was the music printed source published?
CQ29: What is the editor of the music printed source?
CQ30: In what electronic format is the composition available?
CQ31: What is the license of the final reused/modified electronic format of the score?
CQ3: What are the cadence points in the work?
CQ4: What are the part’s ranges?  Do they correspond to modal octaves?
CQ5: What is the final of the bassus?
CQ6: What is the last chord?
CQ7: Are there any melodic patterns related to modality?
CQ8: To what diatonic environment does the work belong to?
CQ9: What are the part’s clefs and keys?
